Add instructions on package installation and usage (#12576)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/development-environment.md

$ yarn test-client -R 'my_reporter'
```

## Installing Composer

> Jetpack includes a number of packages such as the `jetpack-logo` and to use this packages in Jetpack itself or other projects, you need Composer, the PHP package manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jetpack includes a number of packages such as the `jetpack-logo` and to use these packages you need Composer, the PHP package manager.
```

It's also necessary to use the PHP CodeSniffer that ensures your code follows code standards. 

### Installing Composer on macOS

> Composer can be installed using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). If you still don't have Homebrew, install it with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Composer can be installed using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/). If you don't have Homebrew, install it with
```

```
/usr/bin/ruby -e "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/master/install)"
```

And then install Composer:

```
brew install composer
```

### Installing Composer on other systems

> We recommend visiting the [official Composer download instructions](https://getcomposer.org/download/) to install composer on other operating systems than macOS. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend visiting the [official Composer download instructions](https://getcomposer.org/download/) to install composer on other operating systems. 
```

Most Linux distributions may have an older version of Composer as an installable package, but installing from the official source ensures you have the most up to date version.

> Note that we do recommend using the Windows Subsystem for Linux to run composer and PHP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that [we recommend using the Windows Subsystem for Linux](#developing-and-contributing-code-to-jetpack-from-a-windows-machine) to run Composer and PHP.
```
